[16.0][ADD] quality_control_stock_oca: reminder popup for quality inspections (#1584)
OCA/manufacture: quality_control_stock_oca/readme/DESCRIPTION.rst

This module defines triggers that creates inspections when stock moves are done.

It also adds some shortcuts on picking and lots to these inspections.

> Setting a flag on products, if inspections are not done (successfully or unsuccessfully), on picking confirmation a reminder popup appears.

Reviewer: **suggestion**
```suggestion
Activating the "Remind Quality Control" flag on products, if inspections are not done (successfully or unsuccessfully), on picking confirmation a reminder popup appears.
```
